Week 4 Session 2

This session is pretty much an extention of last. Previously we learned about Node.js and Express.js, including how to install them. This session we are
going deeper and learning how to use Express.js through something called Express scaffolding..
Most interestingly is that our tutor used an analogy between Express.js and a restaurant to customer system to explain it. Ill try and re-explain using 
the notes I have taken. 

app.



While it is good to know how to set up my own express.js app I can actually bypass a lot of this work saving a lot of time by using the boilerplate React App 
template found here to gain a head start on any React-based website I build.


Over the weekend following this session I have spent much of my time watching tutorials and reading information regarding React.js as well as completing the 
majority of the documentation needed for the report.
Part of this research has involved reading up on the difference between classes and functions in React as at first they appeared to be used the same way. I soon 
learned that functions tend to be more straightforward and have less code. Where as classes require props(parameters) and rendering to be used.
Fuctions are the better one to use unless a state or lifecycle hook is needed. If this is the case then a class is to be used.

I even saw that constructors can be used in React which led to my doing a bit of reading on these as well. The following is a quote from a website which I felt 
explaned very simply when I should use a constructor in my scripting. 

"Do you even need a constructor?
The constructor comes in very handy, but sometimes it’s just too much. If you aren’t planning on maintaining state in your component and aren’t binding any 
event handlers, you don’t need to define a constructor at all.

In fact, if you don’t need state or event handlers, you probably don’t need a class-based component at all. You can save yourself a little bit of extra typing 
and simply use a functional component."
https://alligator.io/react/constructors-with-react-components/


I have finished of my weekend hitting a bit of a wall. I am working on settign up my website routes. However, for some reason while I can get the 'react—router-dom' 
working on my added .js files I cant get it working on the 'App.js' even after researching on the internet and trying fixes that worked for other people.
One of these included checking that I had everything installed. I checked this by looking at my package.json file and they were. I did still reinstall just to make sure 
using the folling command: 'npm install react—router-dom'. I even tried reinstalling react: 'npm install react', but no luck. I am hoping that my tutor might have some 
ideas as it seems weird that it works on some of my .js files but not others. Perhaps I am setting something up wrong on my App.js...?

Update...! This next morning I have solved the problem! I was originally doing all of this work on my laptop. However, at home I always use my faster desktop and it seems when I 
began my weekend I forgot to install node.js before starting to code with react. Installing this has fixed my issue. 
